Death, you came just in time
Now the serum has been produced
The big picture is decided
The conspiracy of your island nation has been thwarted
fire protection
How did we die 8 years ago?
Hahahaha
Just pour this vial into the ocean
The whole world is in chaos
Hahahaha
What is this?
This is 100,000 tons of Hefei water
Plus all the viruses known to man
Extracted essence
I gave you 10 years
Just make something like this
Can Heaven Destroy the World?
What do you know?
I've added nanotechnology to it.
Don't underestimate this vial
It can replicate indefinitely
One change 22 becomes 4
In less than a day
It can spread to the whole world hehehe